hi I'm Ricky old ivory tusk productions
and do we have a great event here in
kennesaw georgia it's the pig and
peaches event so you gotta check this
out hey welcome to pigs and peaches this
is the SS a soccer ladies of the
community we are selling
from Cepeda sitting here with seven corn
to support these ladies as they go on to
play college soccer hopefully we're
looking forward to a great season and
we're looking forward to your support
today pigs and peaches
barbecue is like camping and cooking
barbecue at the same time and also going
to a family
where you may not necessarily know
everybody but you'll know everybody at
the end of the contest my name is Amy
and I'm a master judge of the KCBS
barbecue society that means I get the
monkey chance to taste number 10 number
23 here in Georgia care my friends
cousin q4 one of the top 20 teams in
Georgia I'm tell you hook swith kudzu q
and we're cooking dinner here tonight
friday for contest got some steaks
onions mushrooms barbecue what we love
about it is family coming together pick
up some good food and now we're in the
competition world so now we can see what
we're really putting out and getting the
bragging rights when we win and learning
what we can be different so we can
become winners we are family yes he's
the show of the family I'm Mike
emmanuelle I'm Michael our report of the
Big Kahuna's a pic gonna beg to owners
we have been doing this for about seven
years we are not from the south we enjoy
barbecue and we made it on salt which
mike is made and we have our own rubs
and we stepped it up this year we feel
like we should be in the top ten we're
not one yes I like to win and be grand
champion well the trick to my sauce is
really capturing the events taste every
event and every state has its own taste
my taste for this place it's peaches so
I incorporate peaches and fruits into my
sauces I've been doing pigs and peaches
I guess about 10 years now I've been
involved with each festival except for
probably the first year so BBQ is just
fantastic it's one of the first ways of
cooking stuff I mean it's pretty pretty
basic involves being able to be outdoors
and
I don't know just cooking over would
second chance greyhounds were all
volunteer group of folks in the local
Lana area and actually elsewhere we we
take dogs from the Birmingham racetrack
send them down to a prison in Florida
where they are trained for about ten
weeks by the inmates that's a women's
prison
ard kannada prison my name is Mary Nell
Christensen and I created upcycling dish
art for the young I go to thrift stores
and I find all the different components
and then I just mix and match and then I
do a hockey puck and I drill it out so
that when they found in the rebar into
the ground then they can wiggle this on
and it's weatherproof it's a
construction grade sealant so it's a
great way to accent your yard I my name
is Becky hecker my company is the
rainbow dragon and these are hand-drawn
designs by my mother what she thought
she was making was a resource book for
stained glass window quilt or embroidery
patterns but children love it too so now
it's a coloring book for all ages once
we got it on the market 35 years ago we
found that coloring these patterns has
proven useful for ADHD and autism all
the way through Alzheimer's and dementia
check us out at WWE and bukkake net
you